slipping and Mario I again everyone
who's saying what's up yeah but no you
don't get out of here you ain't reckon
nuttin still almost stole the kill and
didn't kill him so I'm a little upset by
that well you killed them thank you a
little happier now well that's cute nice
one hit KO you know what else is a
one-hit ko well bye well did you just
kill themself twice I know bring it
about it about it he was about it
then they was going to pick up the
pokeball I was just trying to just
attack how if you need to die not even
use any pic what just happened
no give me that you've got to be kidding
me you've got to actually be kidding me
thank you I needed some luck tell do
tell do tell deal why did you not do
anything well a little late for that do
I live on through she'll do oh jeez he
just nine hammered the Smash Ball yep
that that actually happened Go Go Wow I
don't want some more to went after that
I don't want him to win after that first
Sora blocked my vision and now he nine
hammered a Smash Ball I don't want him
winning make sure he doesn't get that
Barry okay you just threw it away
I'll learn to pick men learn to pick men
yes yes oh my yes dude that's how you
end subscriber only on twitch um thank
you all for watching can't top that good
night